GitLab is an open-source tool that provides support for teams to plan, develop, test, build,
deploy, monitor, and publicize their software projects, covering the entire Software Development
Life Cycle (SDLC) in only one tool.

DDNS (Dynamic Domain Name System): is a method of automatically updating a name server
in the Domain Name Server (DNS), often in real time,

Gitlab runner: gitlab runner instance communicate with gitlab and get tasks to run, like building,
testing, and deploy of our application.

In Gitlab we can add users, can create group, projects and issues, the can commit and push code into
project, comment in issue

groups in gitlab are used to organise project that are related to each other.

lables are used to categorize issues and merge request

you can use label "bug" to categorize an issue occured in production envirenement
or use labels "dev", "QA", "prod" to categorize which specific stage
there are two type of lable: project label and group label.
issue: play a central rol in gitlab
issue used to register a new idea and feature, changes that most be performed in the software,
technical discussion and bug.

with issue template the issues become standarzied and all the information
the developement team needed
we have to create un md file inside .gitlab/issue_templates folder in our project

Milestones in GitLab are a way to track issues and merge requests created to achieve a
broader goal in a certain period of time.
Milestones as Agile sprints.
Milestones as releases.

Issue broad Increase the project status and visibility
shows all issues related to the project
shows the status of each issue
show what are doing every person of team

in gitlab we can impliment CI/CD using pipelines
pipelines are a set of jobs (or tasks) excuted in a predefined order
these jobs are organised in stages
jobs in the same stage are executed in parallel

Continious Deployement: its a developement practise to deploy automatically the projects
on production envirenement after succes buildin and passing automated with success

Deployement is the process of making an application available in any specific envirenement

ssh-keyscan is a utility for gathering the public ssh host keys of a number of hosts.

cycle Analytics gitlab: can answer how long each stage in the process takes
how long the total process takes as well as how much time you spend in each stage.
Cycle Analytics tracks the median time it takes your team to complete every stage in
the modern development process.

With GitLab Snippets you can store and share bits of code and text with other users.
the are two type of Snippets:
personal Snippets:Personal snippets are not related to any project and can be created completely
independently. There are 3 visibility levels that can be set, public, internal and private
project Snippets:Project snippets are always related to a specific project.

Levels of testing:
Syntax testing and linting : testing the Syntax of your code
Unit ans integration testing : test one fuction and integration test a feature
Acceptance testing : similar to integration test the mean differance is simulate
 in envirenement similar to production envirenement

jekyll its a static web generateur
 docker run --rm \
  --volume="$PWD:/srv/jekyll" \
  -it jekyll/jekyll:$JEKYLL_VERSION \
  jekyll new blog

envirenement its a standalone hardware and software stack capable of running your entire
application and its configured for a specific prupose : Dev, QA, staging and production

Gitlab pages its a way to publish static-sites
static-sites very useful to create project documentation, blogs, project pages
